An excellent point to implement is the resets and points that will actually allow us to change or password.
Okay.
So going to be like now same thing post mapping as pretty much everything else that involves sending
information.
The value will be slashed.
Reset.
So.
Public Research Response.
Research request.
Body research request.
Sit.
Record reset requests.
It'll to be string token.
I want to have the token that I sent on the reset email.
I will receive it from the frontend string password.
And string passwords confirm.
And as before, we don't want this in case.
So we'll annotate this with Jason property.
Value b underscore buzzwords confirm.
Yeah.
And other records.
Reset.
Response will be simple.
String message.
Okay.
So this is what's what they built.
My endpoint slash research.
Research request for what name here of college research request.
So it my it's my request body and I have my um, signature here.
Request would be token password and password confirm what do I have to implement?
What surface reset method doesn't exist yet, but I will implement the reset method.
I will send the research requests from the reset request.
I will send the token.
Okay.
I will send the password.
And they will send the password to confirm.
That will be my body signature.
And then I will return.
And you?
Reset reset response in this case to be success.
So basically we return to success.
And if something happens in the processing we raised an exception in between so or error.
It's and it's and that way so I'll create a method here token password password.
Confirm all of these.
This is nice.
This is what's what they want.
So I just need to implement the logic of what I'm doing here.
So we still need to validate passwords.
And I believe when we register, we already have that validation, so I'll just copy it.
So if I my passwords do not match, I will do it.
Same error.
Passwords do not match error.
We could build a method that does this, but the method is so simple.
Yeah, it could be could be done.
But in this case, I am not doing it.
But for sure, we should, uh, we should have this these kind of things.
Centralized user reports.
And I will use the method that I built.
So I will fetch my user from token or else through an invalid link.
So it's a new error.
Invalid link error.
Okay.
I will create it like this.
Invalid link error.
I will have to create the class.
To be in error?
Yes.
And so extends a response status exception.
Public.
Invalid link error.
Um.
These super HTP status requests message invalid link.
So we use the same recipe that we used before.
Methods is working.
We have or use it from token.
What we do then is user sets password to the new password.
History certainly successful.
So if the passwords do not match, I'm raising zero here.
If the token is not valid, I'm raising error here.
And when we set the password, we also need to remind us that we have password encoder to encode the
passwords.
It's easy to forget these kind of things, but it's it's done.
And in this case, user remove password recovery.
So what time?
Uh, password recovery.
He.
What I'm doing here is to say, okay, I will remove my password recovery because the user over it,
it's only allowed to reset the password on each link.
So as soon as we we have the link, we set the password, we remove it.
Okay.
So in this case, I just have to compare.
Objects equals password recovery token.
We talk?
Nothing I do.
User approved safe user.
Okay.
So this is my method.
It's simply these change that I do.
And because my service is transactional, this will, uh, in this case, it's not.
So we will annotate this, uh, with no effective need.
So what happens is that I'm reading the user from the database.
I'm setting these two things, and then I saving my user at the end.
So this safe operation it to be and you know, you will save the password.
Uh, and, and to, to, to change your password and removal of token.
You will save them here at the same time.
Then the only thing left to do is testing.
So I will run this.
We already have created some password recoveries that we will use.
So I will take this token that I had created before, and in my testing I will send my a reset user.
So I will have my token here and I will change it.
My password to one, two, three, four.
So I will send I have a success.
So if I refresh these these entries appear.
Okay, these entry disappeared my password.
Now, if I tried to log in, uh, invalid credentials because I changed my password.
Password to one, two, three, four.
Now it should work.
He does.
And then just to go back, I will do the same again.
And also clean up the database.
So I'll change one, two, three, four to a again.
I will send it again.
So my database, it's empty.
No, no.
Pending password recoveries.
I used all of them.
And now if I tried to log in with one, two, three, four, it would not work.
If I tried to log in with a it will work.
So a reset and point is implemented on working.